Turso migration (#9425)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/astro-db.mdx

## Astro Studio
</StudioHeading>

:::caution

> We are [winding down Astro Studio](https://astro.build/blog/goodbye-astro-studio/). As a result, users will no longer be able to create databases after October 1, 2024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are [winding down Astro Studio](https://astro.build/blog/goodbye-astro-studio/). As a result, users will no longer be able to create databases after October 1, 2024.

We recommend [migrating your existing Studio databases to Turso](#migrate-from-astro-studio-to-turso), or [connecting Astro DB to any libSQL server](#libsql) instead.
```
This is great! I think highlighting the two recommended paths with links to them is helpful until we do a larger rewrite to de-emphasize Studio!

:::danger
If you override your `.db` file on deployment, you will lose your production data. Follow the deployment method process for your host carefully to prevent data loss.
:::

> ## Migrate from Astro Studio to Turso

Reviewer 2: Possibly this section would be better under the "Astro Studio" section above? Especially given this will most likely be a relatively small group of people who had access anyway.

Reviewer: Would approve that! I'll leave it to Otterlord to make the call, since we know we'll want to update again soon.

Author: sounds good to me

<Steps>

1. In the [Studio dashboard](https://studio.astro.build/), navigate to the project you wish to migrate. In the settings tab, use the "Export Database" button to download a dump of your database.
2. Follow the official instructions to [install the Turso CLI](https://docs.turso.tech/cli/installation) and [sign up or log in](https://docs.turso.tech/cli/authentication) to your Turso account.
3. Create a new database using the `.sql` dump you downloaded in step 1.
   ```sh
   turso db create [database-name] --from-dump ./path/to/dump.sql
   ```
4. Fetch the database URL using the Turso CLI, and use it as the environment variable `ASTRO_DB_REMOTE_URL`.
   ```sh
   turso db show [database-name]
   ```
   ```env
   ASTRO_DB_REMOTE_URL=[your-database-url]
   ```
5. Create a token to access your database, and use it as the environment variable `ASTRO_DB_APP_TOKEN`.
   ```sh
   turso db tokens create [database-name]
   ```
   ```env
   ASTRO_DB_APP_TOKEN=[your-app-token]

>    ```

Reviewer 2: I wonder if the specific parts referencing the env vars should instead point to the libSQL guide instead? Something along the lines of "obtain the Turso database URL and token following [insert link to relevant Turso guide here] and then continue from the [link to libSQL guide] to connect Astro DB to Turso using libSQL.

Reviewer: For the immediate case, I wouldn't want to send people to a bunch of different places or overwhelm them too much. Right now, I think a basic simple looking linear set of steps is immediately helpful, personally... People might already be freaking out and this very simple set of steps looks achievable without too much pain. 😄

> 6. Once you have confirmed your project connects to the new database, you may delete the project from Astro Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Once you have confirmed your project connects to the new database, you can safely delete the project from Astro Studio.
```
If true (that it's safe!) I like the extra assurance of wording more like this.
